A Dialogue on the Revolution in
St Domingo.
Betwen Fouissant and Dissalinie
Dessalinis
(salus)
Alai that human nature should be so
Debase'd. How everke the tendenist ties where vannted
Pride and avainous lust the soul of man,
dunehanges! Deth relish him ond bantal thiust
 Maill goige an flesh of human kind and aruik
His fellow montal's blood. Tis précède encates.
This base desire to dominees and bind
Yours
In enuel chains, whone nature first form'd
Theungful love of power from hiants distrussd
Hath wanng deepsighi and fell'd the world with tians.
This beantrons isle, which Ednis; and we would
Hathloug binn doom'd a dessmal vale of war.
The chilling thucats and haughty mondates from
Impinious lords, the seeing is dined to ane the 9th
which ennetty her fori'd, proclamaloud
That missing’s sent was here. O! God of words!
Thou know'st what wantedness all Haytis
held him felt- But thanks to Heaven’s king
oppuission's nod is imistid and Hayti enowid
Weth independeure frans not a tenvile y ake.
No morn a sable true shall have mark out
Victions on whom is read that cunse seven
Which Hamsvile ten to millions did bequeathe.
Enter Louissant.
gnant. Illustreous chief of Haytés Regrudent
sous. Myönteous arms and valiant died,
shavd
Stamp'd the real of gratitude on every heart.
On James faireing this name shall soon fuldime
and
Des -- Prestreming putteving strange, to me,
Why now we have such words as these? W they gave
My eauwth times of praise to undesinudt.
Lunely to me doute desigu insiduons prompti¬
Thy longen to speak opplause to which thy neant's
A étranger.
Druit and flattenies vain my soul
son.
Abhous. My tonque, abedient, échois sommes
Prince language of my heart. A sense of worth
Lustenion, inspenis my Coaise for ane whose acts
Wesenne remands mon than amt infant nation
Can confer. Such late success and glonious
Has blessed our mantial hands, as wanms with gaz
each Haytion's boram. With neptune do they
Contemplate the glad went, that frees them
Trom the Gallilpow’r. To this brave chry
Immental thanks they owe, who led at once,
to war and victory our lialiant troops.
Des. Thisurdance a god-cette men beheld
who will such splended enlogus deseng'd
 Ineat Fauissant, whom Heaven destin'd a fine
And saviam of our injur'd non instance'd,
Broke thualdam's men hand, and like bright tal
thow’s beams of ehuning light, am daning steps
to guide to fredam and to pence. He raised
Acousccons paide in those hi nul'd, but struck
Dankinnar through his fois.
And when thinkest their
Y his gallant christain non insides?
Dis.
On couth