A Dialogue on the Revolution in
St Domingo.
Between Toussaint and Dessalines
Dessalines
(salutes)
Alas that human nature should be so
Debased. However, the tenderest ties were vaunted
Pride and avaricious lust the soul of man,
Unchanged! Death relishes him and baneful thirst
Mail gouge and flesh of human kind and drink
His fellow mortal's blood. This practice indicates.
This base desire to dominate and bind
Yours
In cruel chains, whose nature first form'd
The wrongful love of power from man's distress
Hath won deep sighs and filled the world with tyrants.
This beauteous isle, which Eden; and we would
Hath long been doomed a dismal vale of war.
The chilling threats and haughty mandates from
Imperious lords, the seeking is deemed to awe the 
which enmity her forced, proclaim aloud
That mischief’s sent was here. O! God of worlds!
Thou know'st what wantonness all Haiti
held him felt- But thanks to Heaven’s king
Oppression's rod is twisted and Haiti endowed
With independence from not a terrible yoke.
No more a sable tribe shall have marked out
Victims on whom is read that curse severe
Which Ham’s vile son to millions did bequeath.
Enter Toussaint.
Toussaint. Illustrious chief of Haiti's Resurgent
sons. My vicarious arms and valiant deeds,
Stamp'd the seal of gratitude on every heart.
On James fearing this name shall soon fulfill
and
Dessalines. Prestreaming putter being strange, to me,
Why now we have such words as these? Who gave
My ear such tones of praise to undesigne’d.
Lonely to me doubt designs insidious prompt¬
Thy longing to speak applause to which thy heart’s
A stranger.
Pride and flatteries vain my soul
abhors. My tongue, obedient, echoes some
Princes' language of my heart. A sense of worth
Lustrous, inspires my Cause for one whose acts
With serene remain more than any infant nation
Can confer. Such late success and glorious
Has blessed our martial hands, as warms with gaze
each Haitian’s bosom. With Neptune do they
Contemplate the glad advent, that frees them
From the Gallic power. To this brave chief
Immortal thanks they owe, who led at once,
to war and victory our valiant troops.
Dessalines. This endurance all good men behold
who will such splendid eulogies deserve'd
Great Toussaint, whom Heaven destined a fine
And savior of our injur'd innocence'd,
Broke the yoke’s mean hand, and like bright tail
thou’s beams of shining light, and daring steps
to guide to freedom and to peace. He raised
Accusations paid in those he nul'd, but struck
Dank immortal through his foes.
And when thinkest their
His gallant Christian non insider?